docs/commands/session.md, before:

## Use

`kure session [-p prefix] [-t timeout]`

## Description

Sessions are used for doing multiple operations by providing the master password once, it's encrypted and stored inside a locked buffer, decrypted when needed and destroyed right after it.

Scripts can be created in the configuration file and executed inside sessions by using their aliases and, optionally, passing arguments.

> Adding scripts inside a session will require to restart it to take effect as they are loaded on the command initialization and not before every command.

Once into a session:
- use "&&" to execute a commands sequence.
- it's optional to use the word "kure" to run a command.

Session commands:
- block - block execution (to be manually unlocked).
- exit|quit|Ctrl+C - close the session.
- pwd - show current directory.
- timeout - show time left.
- ttadd [duration] - increase/decrease timeout.
- ttset [duration] - set a new timeout.
- sleep [duration] - sleep for x time.

## Flags

| Name | Shorthand | Type | Default | Description |
|------|-----------|------|---------|-------------|
| prefix | p | string | kure:~ $ | Text that precedes your commands |
| timeout | t | duration | 0s | Session timeout |

### Examples

Run a session without timeout and using "$" as the prefix:
```
kure session -p $
```

Run a session for 1 hour:
```
kure session -t 1h
```

Commit message:

Add timer session command to the documentation

docs/commands/session.md, after:

## Use

`kure session [-p prefix] [-t timeout]`

## Description

Sessions are used for doing multiple operations by providing the master password once, it's encrypted and stored inside a locked buffer, decrypted when needed and destroyed right after it.

Scripts can be created in the configuration file and executed inside sessions by using their aliases and, optionally, passing arguments.

> Adding scripts inside a session will require to restart it to take effect as they are loaded on the command initialization and not before every command.

Once into a session:
- use "&&" to execute a commands sequence.
- it's optional to use the word "kure" to run a command.

Session commands:
- block - block execution (to be manually unlocked).
- exit|quit - close the session (Ctrl+C is also an option).
- pwd - show current directory.
- timeout - show the session time left.
- timer - run a timer showing the session time left.
- ttadd [duration] - increase/decrease timeout.
- ttset [duration] - set a new timeout.
- sleep [duration] - sleep for x time.

## Flags

| Name | Shorthand | Type | Default | Description |
|------|-----------|------|---------|-------------|
| prefix | p | string | kure:~ $ | Text that precedes your commands |
| timeout | t | duration | 0s | Session timeout |

### Examples

Run a session without timeout and using "$" as the prefix:
```
kure session -p $
```

Run a session for 1 hour:
```
kure session -t 1h
```
